This is the Twelfth Saguna Brahman Reading.
Questions for Divine Jesus Christ:

Who invented the crucifixion death and why? It was before Romans. Centurians. Babylonians (middlehigh maybe).

How did evil people erase the true knowledge of your lifetime? Convincing others. Power dynamics. Convincing others that it was heresy to question.

In the "Infancy Gospel of Thomas" it is described that you killed a couple little kids and adults, but then revived them to teach them lessons. Is this true? No

In the "Arabic Infancy of Jesus" it is described that your diapers cause miracles, that your sweat turns into balm, and you can dye cloth into many colors with just indigo dye. Are they true? Yes, but not just because they're mine but their belief they can do this.

Can you give a timeframe on your return? An enigma. When people are ready. It varies.

What is your message to humanity? Find your own path. Do what you love. Even if it hurts others in some way, you agreed to this on some level. But do no malice.

What extraordinary lesson can you impart onto us? I did not die on the cross. I ascended in my life, but not by death. I rose anew, and I will return.

What interesting grace benefit would you award devotees? The knowledge and insight to truly know themselves.

Do the Vatican Archives contain the true bible with all the removed books, and the true details of you? Yes, but this information is available in your public works/internet as well.

In the Arabic Infancy Gospel, it is described that you spoke when on your crib. Did you actually speak? It says it was like "I am Jesus, the Son of God, the Logos, whom thou hast brought forth, as the Angel Gabriel announced to thee; and my Father has sent me for the salvation of the world.": No. There was a light language, but it was energy flowing forth into verbal sounds that would sound incoherent to the people. I did not then have the knowledge to form proper words.

Why did you go to 5D while Buddha went to 7D? Does it mean Buddha's teachings were more enlightened, or what? Buddha dissolved the illusion of Maya. I still have lessons to learn about wisdom. Dying as a martyr is without wisdom. Though I did not die as a martyr I left that legacy. Buddha's teachings could be said to be more enlightened. Though one who is enlightened, but does not have compassion may see suffering as illusion and be detached. I taught love. Wisdom is the higher density. Unity is still higher. Then, dissolving all illusions. This is what Buddha taught. 
