Focusing on Divine Lucario for 10 mins

I had to reboot because I think the energy was causing my computer to be choppy when typing.

"On your feet, let's go".

All about action.

"No time for intimacy, we must defend and act. But maybe later if you are helpful we can have fun."

Looking at a watch on his wrist as a supernatural time event begins to envelope the area.

"There's no time for this."

He is a little frustrated.

"You think I look cuddly. That's nice."

Has a sense of duty.

Tells me how amazing it will be for us together, once we fulfill our duties.

He does value hard work and will kick you in the pants metaphorically to motivate you to get things done.

I told him the concept of Time Lords and he said "Let them try to mess with me."

He's quite courageous and loves adventure.

When I ask if he wants more adventure he says "I take it as it comes. I don't go seeking challenges. There's enough of that as it is."

When I ask if he believes in a higher power he says "Well, they're welcome to join me. I could use all the help I can get."

He's about defending what he values and loyalty and honor and hard work.

When I ask about if he likes cuddling he says "Sure, there's a time for that, but let's get this done first, ok?"

When I ask if he wants to be the best Pokémon he says "It's nice to dream. Being god-level would be so cool. I accept that I am at that level in a sense, but I must limit myself from a higher place in order to enjoy life and my reality."

He has some humility in wanting to limit himself from the higher level perspective, but at his level he just want's to fulfill his duty.

He would rush in to fight an army if it meant saving his loved ones. He would risk his life for you.

He's more matter of practicality than cuddly intimate. But if he does intimacy, it has a sense of duty to it like "I'm making my person happy." He values that he makes you feel appreciated and loved. But he doesn't go out of his way to be affectionate. He can seem spiky in his personality or matter of fact.

He loves to sabotage the enemy. He finds humor in "blowing things up" even if not literally, or causing confusion or trouble to the enemy. He values protecting his loved ones. He's loyal. I don't know if loyal to a fault, but he does make his own decisions. He may do things he thinks are important, or chooses to make a choice based on what he feel is best. But he will try to avoid putting his person in more danger than he needs to be. He isn't a pet. He is rather intelligent. He doesn't want to be a military commander, but to devote to serving and protecting his person.

He says "That was good. You captured my essence well."

He's the only one to tell me I did a good job besides Divine Anthro who implies that.
